And the whole surgery went something like this.
Is it fast or not? Is the recording recorded?
It can still be done like this
This teaching has really benefited a lot.
You can get something completely different from before
And at the beginning, I kind of took it in stride.
Due to his young age and lack of knowledge
I thought he was just trying to attract attention
But the more I listen, the more I feel
There is actually such a surgical method of leading a horse to find a dream
How can ordinary people think of
The initial approach
This is what people think is wrong.
As expected of gathering
Medical exchange meeting of most of the top experts in the country
There is such a person, he is so hidden
Teach it without hesitation
This is the demeanor of a master
No what can he understand
I must have seen it online, so I wrote it down
Don't be fooled by him
Really cute
You can try to learn one from the Internet.
Where online methods work
As for
Confused us medical practitioners for so long
How ignorant you are!
If you have big breasts, you are brainless
That's impossible.
Ansheng brother
You have been with Zuo Ying the longest
You know best whether he is good at medicine or not
You talk
Oh uh maybe it's a baby gift
I just learned it in the past few years, it's alright, it's alright